README.md, before:

# 🤖AI Chatbot – React + Vite

This is an AI Chatbot built using React and Vite. It features a clean, minimal, and responsive interface for interactive conversations. Users can chat via text, pick emojis, upload image files, and even use voice input to communicate.

## 📦 Features

Chat interface built with React components
Emoji picker support
Voice input (speech-to-text)
Image upload (visible in chat)
File upload support
Fast build and dev server with Vite
Simple and modern design using CSS

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

React
JavaScript (JSX)
Vite
CSS3
emoji-picker-react
Web Speech API (for voice input)

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repo:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sanmathimn/AI-Chatbot.git
   cd AI-Chatbot
   npm install
   npm run dev
   The app will run at http://localhost:5173

## 🖼️ Screenshot

[![Chatbot UI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanmathimn/AI-Chatbot/main/chatbot-ui.png)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanmathimn/AI-Chatbot/main/chatbot-ui.png)

AI-Chatbot/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
│
├── src/
│   ├── assets/                   # Images, icons, etc.
│   ├── components/               # UI components
│   │   ├── ChatForm.jsx          # Input form: emoji, voice, image
│   │   └── ChatMessage.jsx       # Display individual chat messages
│   ├── utils/                    # (Optional) Utility functions
│   │   └── speechRecognition.js  # Voice input logic
│   ├── App.jsx                   # Main app logic
│   ├── main.jsx                  # React app entry
│   └── index.css                 # Global styles
│
├── index.html                   # HTML template
├── vite.config.js               # Vite config
├── package.json                 # Project metadata and dependencies
├── LICENSE                      # Open source license
├── .gitignore                   # Ignored files for Git
└── README.md                    # Project documentation


## 📄 License

This project is open-source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added LinkedIn video demo link

README.md, after:

# 🤖AI Chatbot – React + Vite

This is an AI Chatbot built using React and Vite. It features a clean, minimal, and responsive interface for interactive conversations. Users can chat via text, pick emojis, upload image files, and even use voice input to communicate.

## 📦 Features

Chat interface built with React components
Emoji picker support
Voice input (speech-to-text)
Image upload (visible in chat)
File upload support
Fast build and dev server with Vite
Simple and modern design using CSS

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

React
JavaScript (JSX)
Vite
CSS3
emoji-picker-react
Web Speech API (for voice input)

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repo:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sanmathimn/AI-Chatbot.git
   cd AI-Chatbot
   npm install
   npm run dev
   The app will run at http://localhost:5173

## 🔗 Demo Video

🎥 [Click here to watch the project demo on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/sanmathi-m-n-300190373_ai-chatboot-machinelearning-activity-7353047018681888768-2b2O?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAAFxllrAB2mP6usCdZraySPtZAqF6EL0J9c0)

## 🖼️ Screenshot

[![Chatbot UI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanmathimn/AI-Chatbot/main/chatbot-ui.png)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanmathimn/AI-Chatbot/main/chatbot-ui.png)

AI-Chatbot/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
│
├── src/
│   ├── assets/                   # Images, icons, etc.
│   ├── components/               # UI components
│   │   ├── ChatForm.jsx          # Input form: emoji, voice, image
│   │   └── ChatMessage.jsx       # Display individual chat messages
│   ├── utils/                    # (Optional) Utility functions
│   │   └── speechRecognition.js  # Voice input logic
│   ├── App.jsx                   # Main app logic
│   ├── main.jsx                  # React app entry
│   └── index.css                 # Global styles
│
├── index.html                   # HTML template
├── vite.config.js               # Vite config
├── package.json                 # Project metadata and dependencies
├── LICENSE                      # Open source license
├── .gitignore                   # Ignored files for Git
└── README.md                    # Project documentation


## 📄 License

This project is open-source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
